[GSoC] Switch joints framework to using intermediate frames (#23920)
sympy/sympy: doc/src/explanation/active-deprecations.md

## Version 1.12

(deprecated-mechanics-joint-axis)=
### New Joint intermediate frames

The definition of the joint axis in the ``sympy.physics.mechanics`` has changed.
Instead of using the arguments ``parent_axis`` and ``child_axis`` to
automatically determine the joint axis and an intermediate reference frame. The
joints now use an intermediate frame argument for both the parent and the child
body, i.e. ``parent_interframe`` and ``child_interframe``. This means that you
can now fully define the joint attachment, consisting of a point and frame, for

> both bodies. And if a joint like the ``PinJoint`` has a specific joint axis,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
both bodies. Furthermore, if a joint like the ``PinJoint`` has a specific joint axis,
```

> e.g. the axis around which the rotation occurs, than this axis can be specified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
e.g. the axis around which the rotation occurs, then this axis can be specified
```

> using the ``joint_axis`` argument. A big advantage of this setup is that you can
> be more accurately define the transformation from parent body to child body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the ``joint_axis`` argument. An advantage of this setup is that one can
more accurately define the transformation from a parent body to a child body.
```

Reviewer 2: would say "the parent body to the child body"

> For example, suppose you want a ``PinJoint`` rotates the child body around the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, suppose you want a ``PinJoint`` that rotates the child body around the
```

>>> pin = PinJoint('pin', parent, child, parent_axis=parent.z,
...                child_axis=-child.z)   # doctest: +SKIP
>>> parent.dcm(child)   # doctest: +SKIP
Matrix([
[-cos(theta_pin(t)), -sin(theta_pin(t)),  0],
[-sin(theta_pin(t)),  cos(theta_pin(t)),  0],
[                 0,                  0, -1]])
```

When inspecting this matrix you will notice that for ``theta_pin = 0`` the child
body is rotated $\pi$ rad around the ``parent.y`` axis. In the new definition
you can see that we get the same result, but this time we have also specified
this exact rotation:

```py
>>> from sympy import pi
>>> from sympy.physics.mechanics import Body, PinJoint, ReferenceFrame
>>> parent, child, = Body('parent'), Body('child')
>>> int_frame = ReferenceFrame('int_frame')
>>> int_frame.orient_axis(child.frame, child.y, pi)
>>> pin = PinJoint('pin', parent, child, joint_axis=parent.z,
...                child_interframe=int_frame)
>>> parent.dcm(child)
Matrix([
[-cos(theta_pin(t)), -sin(theta_pin(t)),  0],
[-sin(theta_pin(t)),  cos(theta_pin(t)),  0],
[                 0,                  0, -1]])
```

However if you liked the fact that the deprecated arguments aligned the frames

> for you, than you can still make use of this feature by providing vectors to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for you, then you can still make use of this feature by providing vectors to
```

> ``parent_interframe`` and ``child_interframe``, which are than oriented such

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``parent_interframe`` and ``child_interframe``, which are then oriented such
```

that the joint axis expressed in the intermediate frame is aligned with the

> given vector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
given vector:
```

```py
>>> from sympy.physics.mechanics import Body, PinJoint
>>> parent, child = Body('parent'), Body('child')
>>> pin = PinJoint('pin', parent, child, parent_interframe=parent.z,
...                child_interframe=-child.z)
>>> parent.dcm(child)
Matrix([
[-cos(theta_pin(t)), -sin(theta_pin(t)),  0],
[-sin(theta_pin(t)),  cos(theta_pin(t)),  0],
[                 0,                  0, -1]])
```

(deprecated-mechanics-joint-pos)=
### Change in joint attachment point argument

The argument names for specifying the attachment points of a joint in
``sympy.physics.mechanics`` , i.e. ``parent_joint_pos`` and ``child_joint_pos``,

> has been changed to ``parent_point`` and ``child_point``. Since these arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have been changed to ``parent_point`` and ``child_point``. Since these arguments
```

> The argument names for specifying the attachment points of a joint in
> ``sympy.physics.mechanics`` , i.e. ``parent_joint_pos`` and ``child_joint_pos``,
> has been changed to ``parent_point`` and ``child_point``. Since these arguments
> can now also be ``Point`` objects, so they can be exactly the same as the
> ``parent_point`` and ``child_point`` attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The argument names for specifying the attachment points of a joint in
``sympy.physics.mechanics`` , i.e. ``parent_joint_pos`` and ``child_joint_pos``,
have been changed to ``parent_point`` and ``child_point``. This is because these
arguments can now also be ``Point`` objects, so they can be exactly the same as
the ``parent_point`` and ``child_point`` attributes.
```

## Version 1.12

(deprecated-mechanics-joint-axis)=
### New Joint intermediate frames

> The definition of the joint axis in the ``sympy.physics.mechanics`` has changed.
> Instead of using the arguments ``parent_axis`` and ``child_axis`` to
> automatically determine the joint axis and an intermediate reference frame. The
> joints now use an intermediate frame argument for both the parent and the child
> body, i.e. ``parent_interframe`` and ``child_interframe``. This means that you
> can now fully define the joint attachment, consisting of a point and frame, for
> both bodies. Furthermore, if a joint like the ``PinJoint`` has a specific joint
> axis, e.g. the axis around which the rotation occurs, then this axis can be
> specified using the ``joint_axis`` argument. An advantage of this setup is that
> one can more accurately define the transformation from the parent body to the
> child body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The definition of the joint axis in the ``sympy.physics.mechanics`` has changed.
Instead of using the arguments ``parent_axis`` and ``child_axis`` to
automatically determine the joint axis and an intermediate reference frame, the
joints now use an intermediate frame argument for both the parent and the child
body, i.e. ``parent_interframe`` and ``child_interframe``. This means that you
can now fully define the joint attachment, consisting of a point and frame, for
both bodies. Furthermore, if a joint like the ``PinJoint`` has a specific joint
axis, e.g. the axis about which the rotation occurs, then this axis can be
specified using the ``joint_axis`` argument. An advantage of this setup is that
one can more accurately define the transformation from the parent body to the
child body.
```

Reviewer 2: Changed all "around"s to "about"s for consistency ([both are allowed](https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/45566/rotate-about-vs-rotate-around))
